hello is juju 0 2 690 again
hello hello hello my afternoon at
hello to all of us
find for a new video is
today is the special
yuki oops that it depends on how
you say there are some who say that
that there are some who say what they
do not think what's good about me
husky screw personally we have a
little labrador so I'm concentrating so
a little bit my attention to these
little dogs because I have good they
do not like too much but I like
a lot the dog that I lost and is
a chocolate labrador the beach of the small
come back to pass it in you nothing so we're going
bring them the ski or place said where
found my age and we are all
puppies one can have or the lot he
mentally and white to colleagues the inked
blue august
on this video though while I think about it
on my opinions
I would say why we must assimilate 9.6
puzzle because he intervene so that's it
we fabulous the uci or because they have
all blue eyes farting from the bottom of
we do this is so silent you can
to have d like this one he with a
small task on the head
this one has in addition a small cross of
jesus is looking at his science of
white eyebrows
this one titia at weaver elsewhere is
a bit like that there that says the
cactus region on the head then to
take the cactus fold it seemed to me
I really like the ultimate tests for
favorites or dogs that comes to mind
to see that he had task I want him
go a bit like that they leave that
white then a little prank who
spend a lot of time with her cheeks
that too are not excessively
dear a little bit more than the Belgians
Germans anyway 1380 euros
no not perfectly even amount then
black and white we can also forward
chestnuts as you will see there all
the shower to my left amputated
I wanted to see a little
what really got me with blue eyes
so if you can have two
chocolates and chocolate white
these are a little bit my favorite
I small lines of functions
first visible in drums from the
critical puddles the tools of his
head
no no it looks like the Eiffel Tower
not buying it is funny but the
tickets there we will take small gray
I did not think that in the hands and
white with nice people this moment I
do not put it back here it's a
little female
Here we saw that with chestnuts
here so I'm the team that this
mom who wanted him to have a day of which
it looks like he's angry look
that one god if that sense it is they
are we know they're finally angry
for six minutes 6
it's cute forgiveness then proposed in
before creams and white cream and white
know it's fast said a white is
rather gray
these two will see each other 's plates and ulysses
he had a little bit of brown
the head here is then surprise amount
because the feeling time of nothing
a dinner we find a little bit
last while the delicious that are
beautiful
she is blue izieu looked at it will end
of normandy 26000 I do not know a little
German shepherd
it is beautiful job is very pretty
I do not want to cook you
waste time to buy a dog
the ghosts you remain cautious
principle
small female very cute anyway that
his little blue eyes there you are
were proposing before here is exactly
what I told you shepherds
Germans have come across that
shepherds that one he is very cute
also it's a real new skies
So here ladies and gentlemen serge
garcia the husky or what touches
to an end and better represent a risk
for those who leave us I you
wish a good evening
a good a good evening in a good
afternoon when ever remember and that
depends on kalamazoo a garden you
watch this video
and for those who continue to us
to follow we find ourselves right away
immediately for the Dalmatian special
See you soon